{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19340\viewh11320\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Homework 2\
\
MART120\
\
Marley Bicha\
\

\fs28 	After watching The Last Lecture by Randy Pausch, I am filled with many emotions, thoughts, and questions. First and foremost, I am truly humbled at the wisdom this man was generous enough to formulate into the thought provoking exposition that invoked the very essence of what it means to live life to its fullest. After fighting a long battle with Pancreatic Cancer, Randy, would eventually receive a prognosis that he had only months to live and at the beginning of his Lecture, Mr. Pausch wants to make one thing clear, when the chips are down all that matters is the way you play the hand you\'92ve been dealt. \
	I think what struck me most about this presentation was Randy\'92s unwavering optimism, the stoicism exhibited by a man who\'92s endured the unthinkable is something typically seen through the lens of movies, literature, and myths. Another aspect of his lecture that caught my attention was the fact that Randy credited the development of his ethos to the experiences he\'92s shared with the people he loves and admires. Finally, instead of a diagnosis catalyzing his life into action it is clear to see that Randy had always planned on living his life the way he dreamed. Condensing my thoughts on what\'92s affected me most about the video is difficult but the three concepts stated above are what personally moved me the most. \
	I identify with many of the sentiments that are present within this video. First, is the admiration Randy has for all of his family and friends. Second, is the gratitude he expresses to the people he is most influenced by. Third, is the determination exemplified through every trial, tribulation, and opportunity that presented itself. Finally, is the selflessness he exhibits at the end of his Lecture by requesting everyone who attended sing his wife Happy Birthday. I identify with the first example because family is by far one of the most important elements of my life, I credit much of who I am to the ones I love. I identify with the second example because I think it is extremely important to express the gratitude you have for others, it is very invigorating when somebody lets you know how grateful they are of you. The reason why I identify with the third example is because I believe determination is crucial for success in all vectors of life, it is important to remain diligent and headstrong, doubt can cast a very disorienting shadow, but with the right mindset any situation can be turned right side up. I identify with my final example because I believe selflessness is a difficult mindset to procure, but it can be the most rewarding mindset to exemplify. \
	In conclusion, I am extremely thankful I was given the opportunity to watch The Last Lecture. The video is inspiring beyond words, I am truly blown away at the legacy Randy left in his absence. I aspire to one day have a lasting impact on those in my life, and to inspire people around the world similar to the way Randy Pausch did. }